Hi guys, K-Movie Recapped here.
Before we start, WARNING!
Spoilers Ahead!
Today, I’m going to explain a movie called,
The Silenced.
The movie tells the story of a Japanese girls
only boarding school in Korea.
At that time, Korea was under Japanese occupation,
so many schools were controlled by the Japanese
government, and everyone must have a Japanese
name.
This story begins with a girl named, Cha Joo
Ran, with Japanese name, Shizuko . Shizuko
is a girl with a disease inherited from her
biological mother.
Fearing the disease, her stepmother sent her
to a girls boarding school located far from
the city.
This girls' boarding school is called Gyeonsong
. When Shizuko first arrived in a luxury car,
all the other girls were surprised by this
beautiful new student.
In this school, all the girls have a disease.
This school offers healing for them.
On first arrival, Shizuko was greeted by the
principal . But a moment later, she got unpleasant
treatment from the counselor.
It is because she wants to keep her diary,
while the rules say students shall not keep
a diary.
Shizuko's story while at the boarding school
continues.
She was greeted by a woman named, Hong Yeon
Deok, with Japanese name, Kazue . She was
treated well by Kazue by helping her to adapt
to the boarding school.
Afterwards, she also became friends with a
girl named, Kiraa . Kiraa tells Shizuko, if
she does well at the boarding school, she
will get more points and has a chance to be
sent to Tokyo.
However, not all the girls here welcomed Shizuko.
This is, Yuka . She doesn’t like Shizuko
and always bullies her.
Due to her poor health, Shizuko often coughs
up blood.
She is then prescribed an injection of medicine
by the principal.
The principal says that if she is getting
better and is the most two outstanding student,
she will be sent to Tokyo.
Shizuko then meets Kiraa.
Kiraa told her that there was another girl
called Shizuko before.
The previous Shizuko used to be best friends
with Kazue and Yuka, but her health got worse
and she went home.
After that, Kazue brings Shizuko to a secret
basement.
Kazue then gives her a secret diary, which
belonged to the previous Shizuko.
The next day, the students attend PE class.
They take turns doing the long jump.
When it came to Shizuko’s turn, she couldn't
jump, and coughed instead.
She was then given another injection.
Apart from injection, they are also given
strange pills and foods.
During lunch, Shizuko asks Kiraa about the
previous Shizuko.
Unexpectedly, Kiraa behaves strangely and
attacks her.
Kiraa almost choked her to death and then
convulsed.
After that, Shizuko is taken to the infirmary
for treatment.
But then Kira walks in and talks to Shizuko
like nothing happened.
She doesn't seem to remember what happened
earlier.
When drying clothes, Shizuko asks Kazue, what’s
behind the forest beside the boarding school.
Kazue said that no one knows but she heard
there is an ocean.
So they are sneaking out of the school together
into the forest to have a look.
There they find a lake.
Then Shizuko noticed that her cough wasn't
bleeding anymore.
They are so happy and playing until they get
wet.
Shizuko is glad as she thinks that the treatment
is working.
In the PE class, Shizuko who previously couldn’t
jump was now able to jump well.
All her friends give applause.
She was very proud of her achievement.
The next day, when they’re all getting dressed,
Shizuko finds a bloody bird in her locker.
Turns out it was Yuka who did it.
She didn’t like Shizuko who was too confident.
During lunch, Shizuko retaliates against her
bullying by putting the bloody bird she found
in her locker on Yuka’s food.
Shizuko is now in the room alone, trying to
read Shizuko's previous diary.
But something falls.
When she tried to take it, a hand appeared
from under the bed.
She looks under the bed.
She is very surprised when she sees a girl
full of slime all over her body.
Then Shizuko runs away.
After that, they found that a girl disappeared
leaving all his belongings.
But then the principal explains that girl
was picked up and went home in the morning
due to her health condition.
Shizuko suspected that the slimy girl she
saw earlier was that girl.
She then tells Kazue about it.
But Kazue gets angry and says that Shizuko
was just hallucinating.
The next morning, Shizuko got another injection.
Kiraa then calls Shizuko and points out something.
She sees something strange under the stairs.
It turns out that it is that girl she had
previously seen in the bedroom.
She is very shocked and trying to run away.
But behind her, Kiraa was choking herself.
With fear, Shizuko seeks help and meets the
counselor.
But she didn’t believe Shizuko.
The principal says that she is just over-sensitive,
and told her that Kiraa just transferred to
another school this morning.
During the day, she tries to long jump and
finds that she could pass the sandbox.
Shizuko who originally couldn’t jump is
now greatly improved.
Is it because of the medicine she received?
Kazue becomes worried about her health, and
tells her that the previous Shizuko also went
through the same things before disappearing.
Next day, the principal tells the class that
Shizuko will be sent to Tokyo.
Kazue, who really wants to go to Tokyo, becomes
sad and runs out of the classroom.
Suddenly, Yuka attacks Shizuko, who wants
to chase Kazue.
However, she attacks Yuka back and chokes
her almost to death.
Kazue who sees that becomes angry and says
Shizuko had turned into a horrible person.
After things calm down, Kazue meets Shizuko
and tells her a surprising fact.
It turns out that she actually saw the previous
Shizuko turn into a scary creature.
She then shows Shizuko a secret passage to
the principal’s office.
While trying to search the room, the principal
comes with a Japanese soldier.
From here, they overhears the fact that all
the girls in this boarding school were guinea
pigs of the Japanese army to turn humans into
superhumans.
After that, they also found documents about
the experiments, including the unusual drugs
and injections given to them.
Suddenly, they hear a scream from outside
the boarding school.
Yuka is up in the tree trying to suicide.
Everyone tries to get her down, but she jumps.
Taking advantage of the situation, Shizuko
and Kazue then run away.
After running far, they find a Japanese military
base.
They try to hide, but a soldier finds them.
He hits them straight away.
They try to run away, but the soldier manages
to shoot Shizuko in the leg.
Kazue then whispers something to Shizuko,
and then runs away.
The soldier brings Shizuko back to the boarding
school.
The principal immediately takes her to the
laboratory.
She is given a hazardous gas for further experiments.
But unexpectedly Kazue has sneaked back in
and steals a gun from the principal’s office.
She then tried to save Shizuko.
Surprised, she found that all this time the
missing student was frozen in the tube.
While looking at them, she is suddenly attacked
by the Japanese soldier and beaten until she
faints.
The scene moves to the principal’s office.
The soldier is talking to the principal.
He tells her that her job was done.
From now on, the Japanese army will take over
the school.
The principal doesn’t accept that and threatens
him.
But the Japanese soldiers immediately rushed
into the room.
With the counselor who then slaps her.
On the other hand, Kazue was in the tube asking
for help because the water will soon fill
the tube.
After some time, Shizuko finally wakes up.
But it is too late.
Kazue was already in a tube full of water.
Seeing that, She then goes on a rampage and
attacks the Japanese soldiers and the principal.
Shizuko immediately killed the entire Japanese
army.
On the other side, the counselor is checking
up on the other students.
She sees all the girls are sewing.
Sensing the danger, she tried to run away.
But she is caught and ganged up by all the
students.
The principal, who is trying to find help,
was caught by Shizuko.
She asks why the principal did all of this.
The principal then shoots her, but hits the
tube containing Kazue.
Seeing Kazue who has died, she immediately
attacks the principal, and throws her until
she is stabbed right in her heart.
This is how the tragic end of the girls boarding
school experimenting on humans.
Make sure to subscribe and turn on notifications
so you can watch more videos like this.
Thanks for watching, and see you, next time.